h1. wysihtml5-styled Predictive 0.6.0a

wysihtml5 is an open source rich text editor based on HTML5 technology and the progressive-enhancement approach.
It uses a sophisticated security concept and aims to generate fully valid HTML5 markup by preventing unmaintainable tag soups and inline styles.

The code is (not*) completely library agnostic: No jQuery, Prototype or similar is required.

*Modal require jQuery and Bootstrap.

Todo : add soft dependences to bootstrap.
This project use twitter boostrap.

*This project was initiated and is supported by the "XING AG":https://www.xing.com*. Thanks!


h2. Features

h3. 0.6.0a 
* Fullscreen

h3. 0.5.0Pre 
* Auto linking of urls as-you-type
* Generates valid and semantic HTML5 markup (no <code><font></code>)
* Uses class-names instead of inline styles
* Unifies line-break handling across browsers (hitting enter will create <code><br></code> instead of <code><p></code> or <code><div></code>)
* Auto-parses content inserted via copy & paste (from Word, Powerpoint, PDF, other web pages, ...)
* Converts invalid or unknown html tags into valid/similar tags
* Source code view for users with HTML skills
* Uses sandboxed iframes in order to prevent identity theft through XSS
* Editor inherits styles and attributes (placeholder, autofocus, ...) from original textarea (you only have to style one element)
* Speech-input for Chrome

h2. Roadmap

h3. 0.6.1a 
* Table

h3. 0.6.1b
* Soft dependences to bootstrap.

h2. Browser Support

The rich text editing interface is supported in IE8+, FF 3.5+, Safari 4+, Safari on iOS 5+, Opera 11+ and Chrome.
*Graceful Degradation:* Users with other browsers will see the textarea and are still able to write plain HTML by themselves.

h2. Demos

* "Simple Editor with italic and bold buttons":http://thierryc.github.com/wysihtml5/examples/simple.html
* "Editor with advanced functionality":http://thierryc.github.com/wysihtml5/examples/advanced-styled.html

h2. Companies using wysihtml5 (original)

* "Basecamp":http://basecamp.com - Leading web-based project management and collaboration tool
* "XING":https://www.xing.com - Business Social Network with more than 12 million members
* "Qype":http://www.qype.com - Largest user-generated local review site in Europe
* and many more ...

h2. Companies using wysihtml5 (styled)

* "Pikock":http://Pikock.com - Pikock web site
* "Autre Planete":https://www.autreplanete.com.com - Graphic and Interactive User Interfaces Design Studio
* and many more I hope ;-)...

h2. Wiki

Check our "Wiki Pages":https://github.com/xing/wysihtml5/wiki including a simple "Getting Started Tutorial":https://github.com/xing/wysihtml5/wiki/Getting-Started.

h2. Research

Before starting wysihtml5 we spent a lot of time investigating the different browsers and their behaviors.

Check this repository:
"https://github.com/tiff/wysihtml5-tests":https://github.com/tiff/wysihtml5-tests

A compatibility table for rich text query commands can be found here:
"http://tifftiff.de/contenteditable/compliance_test.html":http://tifftiff.de/contenteditable/compliance_test.html

A pure native rich text editor with HTML validator and live source preview is here:
"http://tifftiff.de/contenteditable/editor.html":http://tifftiff.de/contenteditable/editor.html

h2. Contributors wysihtml5 (original)

* "@tiff":https://github.com/tiff
* "@ingochao":https://github.com/ingochao
* "@uwe":https://github.com/uwe

h2. Contributors Table (original)

* "@Edicy":https://github.com/Edicy

h2. Contributors wysihtml5  (styled)

* "@thierryc":https://github.com/thierryc
* "@pikock":https://github.com/pikock